Hunter Zhao Period 6

5-4-17
Goal: Create a game that has a RPG battle system. Created the basic screen for the title
screen of the game. Plan to finish making the title screen and can change the screen
to the world of the game.

5-5-17
Colored the title screen and added text. Need to be able to change text color and text
in the future. Needs to create a new class to add new functions for the text.

5-8-17
Created a class to be able to change the color of the text. Also researched how to use
KeyListeners and tried to add it to the title screen. Will try change the screen after a
key press tomorrow.

5-9-17
Researched about KeyListeners but wasn't able change to the screen. Will try to be able
to change screens with key presses tomorrow as well.

5-10-17
KeyListener works and can now change screens with a key press. Had to add things to
screen and GuiApplication. Also researched how to set an image as a background. Will try
to set an image as a background tomorrow.

5-11-17
Was able to set the background for the game and added new tiles to the map. Will try to
make it easier to add tiles in the future. Will try to add a character that moves
tomorrow.

5-12-17
Added character today and can move it around. Will add more pictures when moving and have
wall collisions next time hopefully.

5-15-17
Added more character pictures when moving and added barriers to the map. Will add more 
barriers in the future to prevent the character from walking on buildings.

5-16-17
Added collisions today that prevent the player from going out of bounds. Will try to move
to different screens tomorrow.

5-17-17
Allowed the character to move to a different screen. Will add collisions to the new
screen tomorrow and try to add actions for the player.

5-18-17
Allowed the character to interact with certain objects. Also enabled and disabled text
boxes when interacting. Disabled movement when talking and enabled when not talking. Will
try to add more things to interact with tomorrow.

5-22-17
Added a menu when the player hits spacebar. Can choose options with the number keys.
Will need to add things to do when the numbers are hit. Will try to make the text boxes
better tomorrow.

5-23-17
Added instructions and controls in the title screen. Created a basic class for Pokemons.
Will try to allow players to see what pokemon they have tomorrow.

5-24-17
Added a screen where you can see what Pokemon you have so far. Also added a pc where extra
Pokemon can go to. Will try to add another screen that exits the town tomorrow. 

5-25-17
Improved the movement of the player. Will try to add a new screen tomorrow.

5-26-17
Improved the code and added a new screen. Will try to add battles tomorrow.

5-30-17
Added objects to the new screen and allowed the player to move correctly on it. Will try to finish the screen
tomorrow. Was not able to add battles today.

5-31-17
Allowed the player to enter a new screen if inside the grass. Will try to add objects in the screen and show
information. Will try to create things to battle.